people's day
because you know I never learned to play
any other instruments so I just started
to experiment with like turntables and
guitar pedals and samplers just like
experimenting and I found inside his I
found that girl something that i enjoyed
liked it there was like a voice in there
that appeal to me so it was very much by
coincidence I just tied around and I
found this thing that I enjoy I never
thought of myself as musician I never
think I'm a musician i should play music
i just discovered noise by accident and
I said oh this is something special I
should do this and then 20 years later I
see it in Hong Kong and you interview so
obviously did something right
it's my work I'm a full-time musician
and I I tour everywhere and you know I
just non-stop always games projects and
recording and records and this type
stuff so it's a very dominant part of my
life a few weeks ago I was in Mexico
Tori and two months ago I was in Japan
Tori now I'm here and I you know go back
to all right then I work with a theater
makes noise for for a theater
performance so noises what I do and it's
I do many different types of noise you
know i do different types of projects i
play sometimes solo I played sometimes
with a bad there's some time with other
musicians I'd make noise in like jazz
music or rock or other type of jealous
but I do want is what I
you
i don't know i don't plan so much ahead
I just keep working where I haven't and
new projects will always pop up and I
apparently I plan like maybe one year
ahead and after that I don't know so
this year I have plans to go to
Australia and I totally are due to
theatre then I'm going to tour norway
two times and then i doing a soundtrack
for short film and then i do some sound
for some other video projects and some
sound installations so it's always
always something too much good stuff